Update libmesh (#28411)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2024/2024_08.md

## libMesh-level Changes

> - Fixes for `--disable-amr`
> - Don't leak temporary Netgen `LDFLAGS` into `libmesh_LDFLAGS`
> - Include `<memory>` in `getpot.h`
> - Always build all unit tests with plain `make`
> - Implement improved `ASPECT_RATIO` quality metric for Quad elements
> - Add `Quad::quality(WARP)` implementation
> - Smoother unit tests
> - Fix `ReplicatedMesh(DistributedMesh &)` construction
> - Better error when asked to tetrahedralize a broken boundary
> - Add `Elem::edges_adjacent_to_node()` API
> - Allow all Petsc matrix types to proceed from a common base class
> - Fix bad calls to `LibmeshPetscCall` when we don't have `this->comm()`
> - Call netgen only on rank 0
> - Add generic `Elem::quality(MIN,MAX_DIHEDRAL_ANGLE)` implementation
> - Close solution before zeroing for eigen systems
> - Add matrix iterator APIs to match vector iterator APIs
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't leak temporary Netgen `LDFLAGS` into `libmesh_LDFLAGS`.
- Include `<memory>` in `getpot.h` for more compiler compatibility.
- Implemented an improved `ASPECT_RATIO` quality metric for Quad elements.
- Added `Quad::quality(WARP)` implementation.
- Added unit tests for mesh smoothers.
- Fixed `ReplicatedMesh(DistributedMesh &)` construction.
- Report a more useful error message when asked to tetrahedralize a broken boundary.
- Add `Elem::edges_adjacent_to_node()` API
- Allow all Petsc matrix types to proceed from a common base class.
- Call netgen only on rank 0, then broadcast, for better reliability when tetrahedralizing in parallel.
- Add generic `Elem::quality(MIN,MAX_DIHEDRAL_ANGLE)` implementation.
- Close solution before zeroing for eigen systems.
- Add matrix iterator APIs to match vector iterator APIs.
```
